add design doc about restore processes (#28)
cybozu-go/mantle: docs/design.md

  expire: 2w # when the MantleBackups generated by this MantleBackupConfig should expire.
  suspend: false # whether the periodic backup is active or not.
```

### Restore flow

Precondition: Process will not start until conditions are met.
- The target MantleBackup must exist and be ready to use.

> 1. Users crate a `MantleRestore` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Users create a `MantleRestore` resource.
```

2. The controller gets the target MantleBackup from the `MantleRestore` resource.
3. The controller stores the pool name for the `status.pool` field and cluster ID for the `status.clusterID` field. This value is used to remove the restored PV/PVC when the MantleRestore resource is deleted.

> 4. The controller gets backup target RBD snap image name from the MantleBackup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. The controller gets backup target RBD snapshot name from the MantleBackup.
```

> 5. The controller creates a new RBD clone from the RBD snap image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. The controller creates a new RBD clone image from the RBD snapshot.
```

> 6. The controller creates a new PV/PVC using the new RBD clone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The controller creates a new PV/PVC using the above-mentioned RBD clone image.
```

### Cleanup restore flow

1. Users delete the `MantleRestore` resource.

> 2. The controller tries to delete the PV/PVC created by the `MantleRestore` resource and wait until the PV/PVC is deleted. If the PV/PVC is used by some pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The controller tries to delete the PV/PVC created by the `MantleRestore` resource and wait until the PV/PVC are deleted. If the PV/PVC are consumed by some pods.
```

> 3. The controller removes the RBD clone created by the `MantleRestore` resource. The controller should not remove RBD clone volume specified by the PV.

Reviewer: > The controller should not remove RBD clone volume specified by the PV.

Could you tell me the difference between `RBD clone` and `RBD clone volume`? Are they mean the same thing? If so, the first sentence describes the controller removes the RBD clone image and the second sentence describes the controllere should not do so.

Author: The original sentence was misleading. I updated.
